Short Essay
> 1)	Programming is a structure that precludes human limitations. Understandably, humans invented programming and use such for our comprehension and organization of the world in which we find ourselves. However, the execution of programming and the models, matrices and databases that code builds has no limit.
I tried coding with several of the modules on GitHub, FreeCodeCamp and Ada Academy.  I am more interested in programming with people. Also, I like the structure and satori aspect of “getting in a zone” that coding offers. 
> 2)	I do not have a vision for my career in five years. I have often followed the path of least resistance which may or may not serve me well. Nevertheless, I have had an interesting life. I have middleclass aspirations of supporting myself financially, assisting my child through college and possibly establishing a multi use building with a medical clinic, residences and restaurant. I hope with the dialogue I learn and practice at Ada I can bring the language of inclusivity and social responsibility to this endeavor. 
> 3)	I am a facilitator. I will contribute to Ada’s mission and vision by encouraging myself and those around me. I do this by engaging with people. I hope to improve this capacity by discussing and problem solving with peers in a fun, intellectually challenging and engaging dynamic. I am at times a jokester, I bring levity to otherwise intense environments. This may be subtly distracting.
> 4)	I made the mistake of trying to do too much when I was in medical school. I am introverted by nature yet, I challenge myself to engage with people. I think the partner projects at Ada will allow me to engage and also the small cohorts will help me not get overwhelmed with group dynamics. I learned that I need to disengage outside of “work” whatever that looks like and focus on my own basic self care. I learned that I must rely on myself and my own discretion and speak my truth when necessary even if it is unkind. I am still learning how to speak because I see so much that is unkind and I am overwhelmed with all that I see needs doing. I feel the structure at Ada will help me serve this capacity. After viewing a vlog and the prospective students Q &A on YouTube, I feel encouraged I can do this work.
Step 3: Assessment
> 1)	114
> 2)	14,611
> 3)	It is not possible to determine this
